Algorithm for Complex Transfer Tax Computation for complex 

create a function that will be called by the system to compute the transfer tax


Deed of Absolute Sale on a Portion of Land

Requirements:
1. Owner of the property are all alive and signed the notarized document
    User add the following information:
        Notarial Documents such as Doc No., Page No., Book No., Notarized By, Notarized Date
        Transaction Info such as Type, Consideration, Days From Notarial
2. search for the property in the database
3. if the property is found in the database, get the following information:
    Owner Name
    tax dec number
    lot number 
    area 
    market value
    assessed value
4. Add the data to the transaction list temporary storage (cookies) for computation
5. User select in the transaction list the property that will be included in the computation
6. A prompt will be shown asking for the following information:
    how many area or sq.m. is being transferred
    compute the new market value of the portion = market value / area * area being transferred
    assign new lot number for the portion
    assign new tax dec number for the portion
7. Add the portion to the transaction list for computation
8. Add the parties involved such as transferee and transferor
9. User will input the consideration amount base on the notarized document
10. Compute the transfer tax for the portion
11. Save the computaion to the transafer tax list 
12. User can print the computation sheet

-- end of file --

Deed of Extrajudicial Settlement 

1. Search for the property in the database
2. If found get the following information:
    Owner Name
    tax dec number
    lot number 
    area 
    market value
3. Determine among the owners who are deceased 
4. In the owner list to determine multiple owner, the system will count the number of owner by the ';' separator
    User can select the owner who are deceased and the system will compute the share of the deceased owner
5. To compute the share of the of the deceased owner, the system will divide the market value by the number of owners
6. System will add the share of the deceased owner to the transferee
7. User will click the add to computation button to add the property to the transaction list for computation
8. System will loop back to step 2 if the user wants to add more properties to the transaction list for computation
9. System will update the owner of the properties transferred to heirs and remove the deceased owner from the owner list
10. System will compute the transfer tax for the share of the deceased owner
11. System will generate report for the computation of the transfer tax for the share of the deceased owner

Sub computation for extrajudicial settlement - with Deed of Sale on a Portion of Land
1. System will select from the previous computation the property that will be included in the computation
2. User will select the property/ies that will be included in the computation
3. System will compute the transfer tax base on the market value of the portion or consideration whichever is higher
4. use the rate of 75% of 1 % = 0.0075
5. System will generate report for the computation of the transfer tax for the extradjudicial settlement with simultaneous of sale


Sub Computation of extrajudicial settlement with waiver of rights on a portion of land
1. System will select from the previous computation the property that will be included in the computation
2. Determine from the owner list who will waive their rights
3. transfer the rights of the waiver to the transferee
4. compute transfertax 
5. System will generate report 



    